I am currently a third year Digital Humanities major at Illinois tech, which is
worlds away from where I thought I'd be at this point in my life. I started my
time at Illinois Tech as an aerospace Engineering major, since it seemed like
it'd be the perfect fit for someone who'd always been involved in robotics and
space related things. In middle school I met Sally Ride, and from then to about
a year ago I was determined to become an aerospace engineer.

After three semesters as an aerospace major, I finally came to terms with the
fact that it wasn't the right field for me. Although I'm still very interested
in all things space-related, I know I'd much rather be in a field where I can
actually interact with others and help people in a way that wouldn't be possible
had I continued on the track to becoming an aerospace engineer. Now, for the
first time since I was a child, I don't really know what I'm going to do with my
life--career-wise, at least. I've been debating becoming anything from a teacher
to an author or even a non-profit organizer. But for now, I'm focusing on school
in the hopes that I'll be inspired and find my future career through my studies.

Outside of school, I'm passionate about a lot of things, but currently one of my
biggest passions is activism. In light of the current political climate, I think
it's important for everyone to be involved in what's going on in our nation
right now. Though I may be more affected by the things going on as a Muslim
immigrant, I believe that we cannot just sit and watch while atrocities are
being committed. Along the same lines, I'm also very passionate about advocating
for those who cannot advocate for themselves. Living and visiting my home
country of Pakistan throughout my life showed me how fortunate I have been to
have grown up here in the US. I've come to realize that a lot of people
throughout the world and even here in the US have not been as fortunate as I
have, and I want to do anything I can to help them. This was a major part of why
I changed my major to a more human-centric field.
